CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    #context: I work for a onion company that export onions. I want to create
    a python program that help us to be more organized in our shipment orders. 

    Agro_AVE _onion_shipment.py 

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    We write our shipments orders using paper, so when we finish the day we still need to write an excel document with all the shipment info. I want to create a program to help me with this problem and keep our data more organized. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    how to write a document with the information. I want to create a CSV with all the infomation. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    CSV, Datetime, pytest, and maybe tkinder

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    1. Main()
    2. Create Dictionary function 
    3. Create CSV function
    4. Check keys function 
    5. calculate the Kg of oinions in each trailer


6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    test kg onions 
    test create dictionary 


    

